It is 9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and Hong Kong. You're watching the China
Show. I'm Heidi Strads in Sydney.
And I'm Aval Hong in Singapore. We're
counting down to the open of markets in
greater China. Our top stories, Asian
stocks declined for a second day dragged
down by big tech names in Japan and
South Korea. The region tracking Wall
Street losses led by SpaceX after its
3-day, $600 billion route. Oil prices
hold losses as Iran gets a 60-day
license to sell its crude, giving Tyran
a financial lifeline and easing the
supply crunch in global markets.
And I'm Minman Low in the Chinese port
city of Talian where government,
business, and academic leaders are
gathering for the World Economic Forum.
And we'll hear from the heads of battery
startup Pure Lithium and biotech company
Novo Nisses. The HKEX head of global
issuer services also joins us to give
the latest on Hong Kong's IPO pipeline.
A lot of crossurrens affecting these
markets. April as we head into an hour
that brings us the start of trading
across greater China. And it is these
same themes when it comes to
preoccupation with the geopolitical side
of things. Watching developments on the
US Iran uh talks uh to get a more
permanent ceasefire situation that peace
deal over the next 60 days. But also, of
course, we're watching the resilience of
that tech rebound. We saw SpaceX falling
again. There's some sort of
constonnation over where we're going
when it comes to this AI and tech trade.
And that's where we're really seeing
Asian markets following overnight
trading lower.
>> Yeah, there's a bit of de-risking
underway as well, following on from some
of the comments from Kevin Walsh. So,
take a look at what we're seeing macro,
right? Along with the slip in oil
prices, you're still seeing the US
2-year yield. They're not far from
levels yesterday which were the highest
since early 2025.
But the concern as you highlighted is
the yield gap as well when it comes to
the currency crossurrens. I suppose we
are hearing how Katayyama is confirming
that phone call with Treasury Secretary
Scott Bess and so confirming some of the
speculation the local media reports but
traders are still concerned about that
yield gap. So you're still seeing dollar
yen not far from not 161 the 162 handle.
Now flip the board in terms of stock
market performance to your point earlier
about a bit of uh you know selling
pressure coming for the hyperscalers
chip stocks were really buoyant
especially Micron a lot of money changed
hands overnight on that stock we're
watching out for its earnings to come as
well and that will come also ahead of
the PCE numbers out of the US for the
moment the South Korean benchmark is
underperforming TX is opening with some
gains the board take a look at the
movers, the chip stocks in South Korea.
It's also worth highlighting how there
were some comments from the financial
watchdog chief in South Korea about
regretting not halting the launch of
leverage single stock ETFs. TSMC as you
see there is also among the stocks that
are gaining ground though really not by
much. That is the setup coming into the
open in the greater China markets. Take
a look at what we're watching. Of
course, the key levels on the MSC China
continuing to watch whether we hit bare
market which it narrowly avoided
yesterday also watching the continued
dispersion not just offshore onshore but
within the AI trade for China. Uh and
then of course when it comes to some of
these other geopolitical concerns dollar
China we did get some commentary from
Christine Laga that any currency
valuation talks need to involve uh
China. Heidi.
>> Yeah. Overall, let's get some more on
Asian markets. We're clearly seeing some
of the semi strength that we saw in the
US, but the picture when it comes to
Chinese markets are a little bit more
mixed going into this hour. Let's get a
bit more with our markets reporter
Anthony Stevens. And Anthony, it's
interesting. We talk about this sort of
uh dichconomy between the consumer
sector obviously, which continues
obviously to lag in China, but then the
opportunities when it comes to this
other path of of tech and AI. Has that
opportunity crystallized yet? When it
comes to those China traders and and
people looking to perhaps diversify into
the China markets,
>> I think China there is some room to go.
Uh the China AI buildout continues. It
continues on a different path from the
US. It's a much more capital light
version built on open uh opensource
software. So the numbers that are going
into China tech seem a lot more
sustainable and much more steady. And
you're starting to see that dichotomy
really play out as you know the China
consumer space in both the Asares and
the HS struggle consistently. The 52-
week low list in both markets is full of
consumer names whereas the 52- week high
or record high list in both markets is
full of semiconductor supply chain
names. So that spread looks like it's
going to continue to widen. The US is a
good guidance for how far that trade can
go. You know names like SMIC or Huahong
are fraction of the size of your microns
and Intel. So there is plenty of room to
go. Now what is important is what
strategy China continues to stick with.
Will they stimulate this semiconductor
ecosystem or will they lean more into
their consumer adoption strategy and
maybe we can start to see some rotation
in Tencent and Alibaba like that?
>> What about what we're seeing in the UN
that's been relatively strong all year.
Anthony,
>> yeah, it's been strong all year, but not
strong enough apparently for its trading
partners. So, Europe was on deck as you
mentioned. You know, Christine Lagard
mentioned that China needs to have a
look at its yan and one of the reasons
for that is exports from Europe to China
are struggling. So, the luxury sector
and the auto automotive sector were were
weak again overnight and they have been
weak all year. These are two sectors
that have not even retraced their Iran
war levels. So Europe needs some help
exporting to China and China's effects
even though it has been strengthening is
estimated to be around 10 to 20%
undervalued still but the Chinese are
very stubborn around that in terms of
directing the pace of that appreciation.
So volatility on dollar CN is very low.
Nobody expects the Chinese to rush and
do what other people are telling them to
do and that's playing out on the FX.
they will probably let it appreciate to
drive this domestic consumption that we
discussed but not at the speed of its
trading partners.
>> I think when you take a look at the chip
stock uh picture for Asia, does it feel
like the momentum trade is facing some
near-term challenges? Is it just to do
with questions over the prudence of how
much money has gone into infrastructure
investment? How much money has gone into
this rally? What is actually kind of
causing some of that downside this week?
Yeah, we've already traded in quite a
massive range intraday today, right? If
you think about highex is probably in a
4% range from high to low. Uh this
morning, uh we have Samsung down 3% on
the day and that's a big change from how
strong Micron was as uh as Abel kind of
alluded to. And part of the reason for
that is the traders on in the Asian time
zone are much more leveraged and they're
much more retailheavy. So this
demographic can change uh sentiment on a
dime. And one thing that might be
pushing that change in sentiment is more
warnings uh from regulators that taking
leverage is probably not the best idea
at the top of the market. We haven't we
have some reporting out that leverage in
Taiwan is also building and this speaks
to some riskmanagement that needs to be
done ahead of Micron earnings. So Micron
has been leading the market by a lot.
Expectations are very high into that
earnings and it would be logical to take
some money off the table. Lastly,
similar to Japan, Korea faces some
upside rate risk pressure as the
government needs to start to deal with
the inflation driven by the AI boom.
>> Anthony, great stuff. Thank you so much.
Bloomberg's markets reporter Anthony
Stevens, meanwhile, tracking oil as
well, mostly holding losses. Traders
continuing to watch developments and
peace talks between the US and Iran.
>> We're doing very well with respect to
the Armood Strait. We took in more oil
yesterday than we've ever than has ever
gone through the straight. You probably
see that we have an we have an oil
gusher. Uh the straight is totally open.
You know that. And we're negotiating.
We'll see how that all goes. But uh we
have two things. We have an open
straight and we have a country that will
never have a nuclear weapon. Will never
ever have a nuclear weapon.
Now, Washington has issued a 60-day
license allowing Iran to sell oil on the
international market, giving Thran an
economic lifeline. Politics editor Laura
Davidson is with us from Washington. So,
Laura, given this lifeline for Iran,
it's going to be a bit tough for Trump
to tout the deal so far as one that is a
win for Washington.
Yes, this has been the criticism that
Trump has been facing today in that, you
know, essentially kind of the first big
um action to come out of this memorandum
of understanding signed last week is
that Iran gets the 60-day waiver to sell
uh really to to anyone around the globe,
including to the US um its oil supplies.
So, we've already seen large outflows
from the straight of Hormuz that will
only be uh you know, sort of uh you know
incentivized, you know, with these
waiverss uh now in effect for the next
two months or so. uh you know that the
there kind of other questions
surrounding here. There seem to be lots
of discrepancies between where the US is
and the Iran and Iran is you know for
example you know Vance has said that
nuclear inspectors will be allowed into
Iran. Uh Iran has said that is patently
false. Uh we also uh saw that Vance and
Trump both touted uh you know what they
are framing as a win that they that Iran
would use um of these frozen assets to
purchase uh US agricultural commodities
from US farmers. Iran has not confirmed
that. So while these negotiations are
underway and Vance is citing some
progress here, we're are we're already
starting to see cracks in what the two
sides are messaging on what is actually
happening.
>> It is about the messaging in terms of
perception, right? President Trump is,
as Averil alluded to, under quite a bit
of pressure to be able to illustrate
this as a win.
Yes, this is really um you know a a huge
political issue at home in addition to
being sort of a a potentially a legacy
defining issue for the president which
he's you know he's very concerned about.
Uh you know we've we've started to to
see um you know some of the economic
pressures from the war ease off just a
bit. Gas prices have come down slightly.
Uh but this war remains very very
unpopular with the US public. that was
true back in February when it started
throughout the middle and now um you
that there's lots of concern both within
Trump's own party uh from some
Republicans in Congress that this deal
that he signed is too good of a deal for
Iran and that there's not enough in it
uh for the US. Um, you know, this of
course is all in the backdrop of the US
midterms in November where Republicans
are defending majorities in both the
House and the Senate. And they're
worried that both sort of the
unpopularity of the war as well as what
that means uh for the economy and in
terms of prices could really uh you know
affect voters as they as they go to the
ballot box later this year.
Back to politics editor Laura Davidson
there with the latest. Up next, we'll
head to the World Economic Forum in
China to talk battery technology with
pure lithium CEO. Plus, we get the
outlook for Marcus with Lotus Asset
Management.
And you're looking at live pictures from
the World Economic Forum in Talian. Our
chief North Asia correspondent, Steven
Engel, moderating a panel on AI. You're
watching the China Show.
You're watching the China show. A couple
of things we're watching in the region.
Of course, the World Economic Forum
that's underway in Thalia. And aside
from that, some of these market
indicators including the MCI China bare
market watch there. We have the likes of
City opening uh 30-day positive catalyst
watch on PU. Also of interest, that
upcoming chip spin-off. And against that
backdrop, we also have some of these
signals from policy makers, including
the unfurling of a blueprint on the use
of renewables though for targets for
which industries that will come perhaps
at a later date. Aside from that, also
keeping tabs on some of these foreign
ministerial visits including Wangi being
in India. Also watching out for a
presser on autos and autos uh
consumption. And I believe that might be
for later this afternoon. Heidi.
>> Yeah. April, the World Economic Forum's
annual meeting of the new champions
collally known as Summer Davos begins
today in Dalian, China, bringing
together 1,700 delegates from more than
90 countries to discuss some of the
world's most pressing economic issues.
I'm Bloomberg's China correspondent Mimo
Lo is there. And with our next guest,
Mim.
>> Hey Heidi, thanks for having me. And of
course joining me here right now is the
chairman and CEO of a company that has
been working very hard in creating a new
type of battery that could replace
China's role in the supply chain and
that is Emily Bonoin, chairman and CEO
of Pure Lithium. Emily, thank you for
joining us today. Um, you've poured
years of research into this new
technology. Just tell us about how
gamechanging it's going to be.
>> Thank you. So our battery is a lithium
metal battery and what it generally does
is it replaces the graphite which is the
dominant technology lithium ion today.
So in your cell phone and in everybody's
car half of the battery is graphite and
graphite doesn't actually contribute to
the electrochemical reaction in the
battery. It's simply a host material. So
if you want a lighter battery that is
going to have more capacity and extend
range for driving, you can eliminate
half of the weight and half of the
volume by replacing that graphite with
lithium metal. So that is essentially
what our battery is and we pair it with
a cathode called lithium ion phosphate
which is ubiquously used here in China
and elsewhere in lithium ion technology.
So how does it compare with the standard
lithium ion battery in terms of energy
density in terms of cost of production?
>> Well, there's a lot of benefits. So our
battery is made in what is called the
charge state. So we reduce the actual
opex and capex by a combined 40% because
we don't have to send our lithium from
the cathode to the anode in production.
And the beauty of it is we can make this
battery in one day. And traditional
lithium-ion battery manufacturing,
getting that lithium molecule out of the
ground and into your battery can take
over 500 days. So if we're in a place
like this amazing country, China, and
watching this all inspiring transition
from internal combustion engines to
batteries everywhere, we want to bring
these batteries online immediately.
Lithium metal is an excellent way to do
it. And it's half of the weight and
double the energy density of the battery
that we're all using today.
And how close are you to mass production
right now?
>> We are building a pilot line right now
in Chicago and we're looking for
partners to help us commercialize this
battery. We believe that this battery
which was actually invented in 1977
is going to displace lithium ion just
like you know the CD player re was
replaced by the iPod and then the iPhone
or the vacuum tube and transistor in
semiconductor industry. I mean, this is
a battery that can truly democratize
energy storage for people. It's a
lowcost technology.
>> Yeah. Um, how easy has it been to
convince potential clients? Have you
locked in early clients so far?
>> It's been every It's a battery that
everyone wants. So, we're in discussion
with over 40 companies and a lot of
battery manufacturers to partner and
help us deploy this technology quickly.
And it's a technology that again has
been around since the 70s and was
invented originally by Nobel laurate
professor Stan Whittingham who won the
2019 Nobel Prize in chemistry for the
lithium ion battery. So all of the
manufacturers are very familiar with it.
What we have done is make it low cost
and we have a very good way to make our
lithium anode a whole battery component
in just one step using this magic called
electro deposition.
We can't talk about batteries without
talking about the Chinese front runners
like CL BYD go they have been investing
a lot in creating the next generation of
batteries. So I'm talking about sodium
ion instead of lithium ion. They're also
looking into solidstate batteries that
are supposed to be more energy dense as
well. How does your battery compare to
these uh you know new frontiers of the
battery space?
>> Yes. Well, and and CL2 is also working
on lithium metal. So, it's very
interesting question because these
batteries are different. Sodium ion has
substantially less energy density.
Sodium is a very big molecule. So, it's
bulkier. So sodium ion is probably best
suited for say stationary or grid
storage. Uh goan actually has a factory
in Illinois where I am in the United
States and solid state batteries. So
that's a very complicated subject matter
and I do not believe it will actually
happen in our lifetime. You need some
liquid in the cell to facilitate the
shuttle of lithium ions back and forth.
And solid state batteries are incredibly
difficult to manufacture and they're
very very expensive to manufacture and
there truly is no benefit. There's no
evidence that they're safer than a
lithium metal battery with a little bit
of liquid. The problem has been
historically when you put lithium metal
with a liquid electrolyte, it's not
particularly compatible. But at Pure
Lithium, we have a brand new electrolyte
that's a blend of readily available
materials, and we've gotten over 8,500
cycles. What does that mean? It means
the levelized cost of energy storage can
be reduced by 75%. And in places that
are very dense, you want a smaller
battery. If you have a micro grid, you
don't necessarily want a battery that's
enormous. So, this battery is
ubiquitous. It's very simple to
manufacture and you can use inexpensive
sources of lithium. You don't have to go
through a carbonate or a hydroxide step.
There's many benefits.
>> Yes. And you're obviously here in China
now. Are you pursuing partnerships or
looking for clients? Who's on your
meeting agenda?
>> 100%. Uh it is all inspiring to be in
China and the scale and the speed at
which companies like CL have
commercialized these batteries is
remarkable. So if we believe this
battery is going to displace lithium
ion, which we do, then we need all of
the partners around the world to help us
produce this battery. And China's one of
the largest markets, the largest
producers of batteries in the world. So
it's really an honor to be here and we
would love to work with our Chinese
partners. Your technology really
capitalizes on replacing the
vulnerabilities of the rare of supply
chain and reducing reliance on China. Do
you expect any geopolitical headwinds
either from the US or Chinese
government?
>> Well, it's interesting because just
because our battery doesn't require
graphite, which is 95% produced in
China, doesn't mean that we don't want
to work with China to produce our
battery. You know, the United States has
a very difficult road to climb if we
want to make batteries. And I do not
believe that we can compete with CL with
lithium ion because we don't have the
natural resources. The beauty of our
battery is we don't use nickel, we don't
use cobalt and that's phenomenal because
the battery is safer and these materials
are easier to actually procure. Our next
generation battery uses venadium and
there's abundant venadium in China.
China's one of the largest producers of
venadium. So it's about using different
materials and enabling localized supply
chains. Yes,
>> this battery should be manufactured all
around the globe and it can be because
all of the materials are fairly
ubiquitous. It's just a matter of having
the will to make this change.
>> All right, thank you so much. Really
insightful conversation with you. That
was Emily Bordin, the CEO and chairman
of Pure Lithium.
>> Great conversation there, Min. Thank you
so much. Bloomberg China correspondent
Min Lo and of course much more ahead
from the web fendion in the next hour.
where we talk biotech with noises and
get Hong Kong's deal zer with HKX and
later SBP group and Zeroda joint insight
with Hinda Amen quick look as well at
futures we are expecting the same I
think more or less when it comes to the
performance in Hong Kong and the greater
China markets playing more ahead this is
Bloomberg
Take a look at how things are shaping up
in the Hong Kong pre-market session. And
we are expecting perhaps a really flat
picture today against the backdrop of
that de-risking that seems to be
underway among some of the memory trade
the stocks there in the region. And this
is of course coming against the backdrop
of that dispersion and also whether
you're looking onshore offshore or
within the hardware software. Hung tech
of course yesterday was dragged by the
internet stocks although the AI models
the developers of those names they did
really well. Heidi.
>> Yeah, BU is one that we'll be watching.
Uh we've seen that rise in the overnight
ADRs with city opening a positive
catalyst watch on this particular stock
upside 30-day catalyst to watch uh on
the search engine stock. So reflecting
underlying strength of the chip and
cloud business. We're also watching the
uh clean energy names after the
government released their uh broader
mandate and the blueprint there to boost
consumption. You're watching the China
show. The open is next.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. We're counting down to the open of
markets. couple of things on deck
including these signals from policy
makers reiterating the focus on
renewables, the consumption of new
energy. We also had after those May
retail sales numbers of course causing
concern on consumption Goldman out with
this note that after the second quarter
slowdown maybe we'll see a bounce in the
later half of the year and against all
this the concerns I suppose of what that
means for oil demand globally as well.
Heidi.
>> Yeah, we've sort of making our way
through at least the immediate urgency
of that supply crisis with now the
straight of hormones being reopened. But
the question also remains as to even
what the demand picture looked like
prior to the start of the war, right?
And that China element is going to be
one be a big one particularly with that
clean energy blueprint, the mandate to
boost consumption there. We know that
any kind of government mandate tends to
drive a lot of these sectors wildly
higher. uh uh that sort of momentum
probably is much needed given that we
are seeing Chinese stocks hovering
around bare market territory. But it is
worth pointing out uh the distinction
the two-speed economy if you will. Yes,
we continue to see the domestic economy
uh the consumer sector flagging. We're
also seeing some of the industrial areas
flagging there as well. But we are
seeing some of the companies that have
that overseas exposure doing a lot
better. The Hangen Hong Kong 35 index
for example, these are companies that
derive most of their revenue outside of
mainland China is outperforming compared
to the MSEI China index. So that
divergence is something we will continue
to see. The other thing we're watching
for is whether we'll see that pick up in
momentum for the domestic tech names,
the AI hardware names for example. They
really have the potential to do a lot
better uh if we can kind of split that
sentiment away from what we're seeing
across consumer across of course real
estate investment which continues to
flag there. Uh as April mentioned, oil
is the other theme that we're watching
given that we do have this uh clean
energy blueprint and the resumption of
vessels traversing through the straight
of Hormuz. But still geopolitics and
sort of the longevity of this interim
peace deal as these talks continue is
still front of mind for investors
globally. Watching some of the oil
majors, ProChina, CNU putting on about
7/10 of 1% there. Uh robotic stocks is
the other one that we're watching given
we did have quite a bit of downside
driven uh by tech elsewhere and
particularly here in Asia. The the
swings that we continue to see when it
comes to chip names in particular uh but
a lot of focus when it comes to the
China hardware and robotic sector some
of the internet space names as well
whether we're going to see that spread
continue to widen April.
>> Yeah. Hi D. Let's bring in Hong,
managing partner and CIO at Lotus Asset
Management for an analysis. Hong, great
to see you. So Heidi was just outlining
there some of the divergence we're
perhaps seeing that shaping the Chinese
markets onshore offshore, the dispersion
within the AI trade and then old versus
new economy. What's your take when it
comes to perhaps the AI dispersion that
we're seeing? Where do things go from
here?
>> Yeah, well I think you know if you look
at the general uh overall Chinese market
index, it hasn't done much this year. Uh
it's lagging behind uh the US peers. But
then if you look at the China export and
also the star 50 for example, uh many of
the uh Chinese hot tech hardware stocks
are actually listed uh on on on this
exchange and they're doing exceedingly
well. Uh and also if you look at the uh
Chinese exports uh if you look at the
tech hardware semiconductor related uh
sectors uh export growth is up year 40
50%. And export price is surging as
well. So that is telling you that you
know there's a huge divergence that is
going on in the internal structure of
the market. Uh basically the tech
hardware where is doing well AI names
are doing well but then the traditional
industries are doing less less well.
>> Do you see that trend becoming more
entrenched in the back half of the year
and what does the signal from the macro
front including on soft consumption mean
for this?
Yeah. Well, I think the uh Chinese names
are getting uh comparable uh valuation
from the US and some some of them are
actually trading at a much higher
multiples and yet today performance is
actually beating the US peers. All
right. So I think at this stage uh you
know we're actually seeing uh the
relative performance of the uh growth
stocks the tech hardware stocks and the
semi the semi-names substantially
outperform uh the traditional value
names is the outperformance has reached
an a a very sort of an extreme that we
haven't seen in the past history only
once uh that was in early uh 2021 and
after such strong relative performance
uh you know there tend to be a sector
rotation going on. All right. So, we're
expecting a sector rotation towards the
traditional value uh sector probably in
the next two months or so.
>> You know, there was a time when bad news
on the eco front would be good news for
the markets, right? It seems like we've
surpassed that though. Is that because
policy makers are increasingly realizing
how difficult it is to come up with
swift effective stimulus measures that
are also going to be nuanced when you do
have, you know, AI and software and and
tech doing quite well within that part
of the economy? Do you expect that we
will see more measures?
>> Yeah. Well, I think back then, you know,
the story really is that, you know, when
the PBOC is monetary policy, uh, the
Chinese market would rally. Uh well I
think you know ever since uh 2023 right
after co and the economy uh reopened for
business uh you know we're actually
seeing the newly created money uh on the
uh PBOC balance sheet is actually going
into the newer sectors you know for
example the semi-names we we discussed
just now and less and less money uh is
going to the traditional real estate
sector uh as a result you know the FAI
uh in real estate investments are
actually going down very high uh double
digit year on year uh in the latest
figure that is showing you that you know
the economy is continuing to cut back on
real estate investments which is a good
news you know basically uh the new money
is going to you know more promising
sectors that is giving investors and
economy better return you know I think
this trend will continue so I think ever
since uh 20 early 2023 you know we're
seeing the you know the the new monies
uh on the uh PBOC balance sheet uh going
into high-tech uh growth sector and also
if you look at the policy statement. You
know, many of these uh uh new sectors
are actually going to be uh the new
growth engine for the Chinese economy.
>> I think the the weakness in real estate
is obviously something that policy
makers are comfortable with because
that's been the policy goal over the
past few years, right? But how
comfortable are they with the consumer
slowdown? And are you seeing those risks
increase of a balance sheet recession?
Um I think uh the consumer uh
consumption uh which is measured in
retail sales growth hasn't been
performing as as well as expected uh you
know because in the first half of this
year uh the uh the subsidies you know
for people to buy uh electronic goods
and also buy cars has uh has been sort
of removed. uh so I think uh the EV
sales alone for example this year drag
down uh the uh sales retail sales growth
by one and a half percentage point and
therefore you know the the resulting
figure is a flat yearon-year retail
sales growth but if you look at the uh
service industry though you know if you
look at the service spending right so
service spending year on year is up
almost 6% and and beating expectation
that is telling us that you know people
are actually spending more on service
rel related uh uh consumption rather
than on goods consumption. Uh so as a
result you know you know we will
continue to see uh spending on service
uh continue to outpace uh service uh uh
spending on goods and I think you know
this after co uh these days uh the
Chinese people has changed their
spending habits. You know many of of
them especially the younger Chinese
generation is spending a lot more uh on
uh uh on experience related consumption.
you know for example they're buying
concert tickets they're going out
camping and also you know overseas trips
are also on the rise as well and so many
of these uh spending are not ret uh
recorded in the retail sales figure
I want to ask you about what you're
seeing perhaps in flows as well because
money is chasing AI trades in other
parts of the region what will it take
for it to more meaningfully come back to
Chinese assets
>> yeah I think you This year we've seen
the Korean market and also the the the
Taiwanese markets going uh you know is
going through the roof you know mostly
because of semiconductor names. I think
just now we discussed you know how how
much relative performance and how
extreme the relative performance has
been uh yet today and you know such
extreme extremity shouldn't last for too
long. Uh so I think once the value
rotation happened in the next two months
or so uh then I think you know money
would you know start looking uh for a
new place to go you know I think many of
the Chinese names you know is trading at
a very low uh valuation especially those
ones in Hong Kong and therefore you know
I think you know they're worth uh uh
another look you know once uh the money
is starting looking for new directions
>> and what will that mean for the UN
>> yeah I think the UN has been
strengthening uh I think it's doing very
very well. I think last last time when I
was here, you know, I was, you know, uh
uh uh uh looking for a strong
appreciation of the Chinese yen. I think
this year, you know, the Chinese yen is
trading at, you know, well below uh 6.8
and which is a a critical uh level and
we're looking for the UN to continue to
appreciate uh to at least 6 6.5 and
beyond. I think you know reason being um
uh the trade terms uh and also the uh
trade surpluses um uh of the Chinese
exports continue to break record right
so ch the the Chinese economy is
creating well over1 trillion US dollars
uh uh in uh trade surplus and so as a
result you know one should expect that
you know the Chinese foreign reserve uh
should go up in tandem but then for some
reason you know the the Chinese foreign
reserve uh growth is lagging well behind
uh the trade surplus growth which is
quite peculiar. So I would say that you
know the there's quite a bit of uh
Chinese money uh slushing overseas you
know looking for ways to enhance return
but I think ever since be the beginning
of this year you know we we're seeing a
gradual change uh in the direction of
capital flow uh you know if you look at
the capital account for example right so
and also FDI uh you're seeing you know
actually money is coming back this way
uh so you know I would say that you know
and and also recently uh the Chinese
regulator is cracking down uh sever
severely on uh illegal crossber trading.
So many of those monies slashing
overseas, they has to return uh back to
the Chinese market and that bodess well
for the Chinese currency and also bs
well for the uh Chinese uh market
revaluation as well.
>> Yeah. And it's interesting it comes at a
time when there are sort of loud voices
uh to within the US to to categorized
Beijing as a currency manipulator again,
right? Um I I do wonder when it comes to
the rise of these tensions, war risks
might be cautiously receding, but it
feels like u trade protectionism, export
control risks are taking the spotlight
again. When it comes to rare earth, is
there a way to play that?
>> Yeah, I think rare earth uh is a key
ingredient uh in making semiconductor
chips. uh so I think you know right now
China still controls well over 80% of
the global uh rare earth production is
in a a very strong position to negotiate
and I think because of the control of
the rarest production uh uh uh uh this
time around you know when when China was
negotiating with the US it actually got
you know quite a a very strong
bargaining chip. So I think you know
going forward uh China will continue to
play these cards you know for example
these days the exports to uh Japan uh is
uh being reduced being cut back as well
you know because of the relationship. Uh
so you know I would say that you know
the rare earth names uh as a result uh
has been doing quite well and should
continue to do so you know because of
this competitive advantage that China
has. I think going forward, you know,
obviously the US is going to explore new
ways to produce its own rare earth, you
know, for for example, you know, finding
uh rare earth mines uh on the Greenland
uh and also somewhere else in the world.
But to ramp up the production of rare
earth and also to to study the
environmental impact on many of these
rare earth mining uh uh sites uh would
take quite a few years. So I would say
that you know the the Chinese uh man uh
producers could maintain uh uh lead in
rare production for the next few years.
>> Hong always great to chat with you
managing partner and CEO at Lotus Asset
Management there with us. Well coming up
Andy Bham looks set to become the UK's
seventh prime minister since Brexit with
Kesh Nama resigning as Labor Party
leader. We'll take a closer look at the
country's political turmoil and the
implication for markets next. This is
Bloomberg.
The question my party is asking now is
whether I am best placed to lead us into
the next general election.
I have heard the answer of my
parliamentary party to that question
and I accept that answer with good
grace.
Every decision I've taken has been about
putting the country I love first.
That is why I will resign as leader of
the Labour Party.
Ker stama there outside 10 Downing
Street stepping aside as the UK's prime
minister. Now in terms of the market
reaction, we saw guilt and the pound
rising following his resignation. His
departure sets the stage for Andy
Burnham to become the country's seventh
leader since it voted to leave the EU a
decade ago. Bloomberg correspondent
Rosalyn Mat is with us. So Ross, things
move pretty fast. talk to us about the
transition process and whether Labour as
well as the UK can avoid leadership
instability.
>> Well, that's the big question. This
could actually move quite quickly now
because if he's uncontested, that's Andy
Bernham. I mean, he could be prime
minister uh within a month if someone
else does stand in a leadership election
that would drag it out. But at this
stage it seems like the main person who
that would have been is West Streeting
and he's essentially backed Bernham at
this point saying we need to resolve
this and resolve it quickly. So that
sounds like Andy Bernham's on course to
become prime minister sometime in in the
second half of July. And then of course
the big questions you as you were saying
he inherits the same problems and
challenges that K Starmmer was
struggling with and failing really to
deliver on for Labor uh for the British
people. And so he's going to have to
say, well, what am I going to do that's
different here that's going to to make
those changes um without busting all the
fiscal boundaries that they're that
they're restricted by and that he has to
sort of abide by? At least he says he
will. Uh a key thing here will be who's
going to be his chancellor of the
excheer. Is is that person someone from
the very left of the party? Is it Ed
Milliban, the energy secretary? Is it
someone who'd be a bit more reassuring
for the markets? perhaps even west
streeting someone who's more to the
center of the party and what does that
say about how he's going to govern in
terms of spending taxes finding fiscal
space um and beyond that what's he going
to do in terms of foreign policy how
would he get on for example with the US
President Donald Trump
>> Roz I was just reading our write up of
this story the headline star leaves
number 10 without ever explaining what
he stood for I mean that's quite a
headline but you know it goes on to
almost suggest having spoken to some
political analysts that he lacked the
political winess that's necessary.
Right. Is this an a a an issue of sort
of the the intraarty ability to manage
within his own party as well as to
communicate to the public?
>> Well, certainly that is a big challenge.
when K. Dama was a ferocious prosecutor
and the idea was he would bring that
into uh the role as prime minister and
he was very good at that job but he
struggled to communicate his vision to
the British people and he really
struggled to unite the party behind him.
So whenever he tried to take decisions
that were perhaps unpopular with some
members of the party especially around
cutting things like welfare to try and
fix the budget or divert money towards
defense. he was met with a resounding
objection and he didn't push through
that and that was the real challenge was
uniting the party all the factions but
also selling his message to the British
people. Uh Andy Bernham has had a lot of
experience and time now as Greater
Manchester may really showing that he's
a relatable character that he
understands how people feel on the
ground. He understands their core
issues. He can communicate with them.
He's known himself as the king of the
north. So he'll be putting himself as
the champion of the British people who
understands their problems around the
cost of living, education, security, all
those things and therefore he knows how
to address them. So perhaps he might be
more effective as a communicator uh
outward, but he does also need to unite
the party and he has to make potentially
some quite unpopular decisions again
around spending because he's got very
little wiggle room when it comes to the
budget.
>> Ross, does this include becoming a more
effective communicator with the US
president compared to his predecessor as
well? Well, that would be very
interesting to see in a way because
initially it seemed like Kier Star and
Donald Trump had formed a rapport and of
course this fame transatlantic
alliance, the special relationship
that's been there for decades. Um, but
they've had fallings out and most
notably of late of course over the
British stance on on the US conflict
with Israel in Iran. And so there's been
a rupture there. Um, what would Andy
Bernman be like? Because he's
traditionally a bit more from the left.
Um, so he's more of a kind of
high-spending individual, you know, but
despite the fact on paper you think that
they probably wouldn't gel, you know,
Donald Trump, he makes friends with
interesting characters and he goes off
that first meeting. If you get that
first meeting right, even if on you
think in theory they're not people who
should get on, he decides he likes you
and then you're in. And so maybe Andy
Bernham will be someone who just manages
in the minute uh to communicate with
him. But in theory, it could be a tricky
relationship. Um, including on trade, on
defense as well, on security, on all
those issues. And Andy Bernham's been a
critic of Donald Trump's previously, but
again, Donald Trump doesn't seem to let
that get in the way necessarily. Um,
prior criticism doesn't equate to
current perceptions, but yeah, that
would be a very interesting one. It
would all really hang on that first
conversation.
Limber correspondent Roslin Mat there as
the political drama in the UK continues.
Taking a look at uh the roundup of other
global news. ECB President Christine
Lagard says she does not need or see the
need to react more forcefully to the
Iran war as inflation is set to return
to target over the medium term. She told
EU lawmakers that the central bank must
remain agile and can adjust its response
as the shock evolves.
>> The shock is too large to look through
without jeopardizing our target.
But we see no evidence yet of deankering
of inflation expectations or second
round effects that would warrant a more
forceful policy response at this stage.
>> Lagard also said that Beijing should be
part of any talks on currency
valuations. Her statement comes in
response to comments from the German
Chancellor Friedrich Mertz, who's called
for international talks about exchange
rates as part of the EU's resolve to
address its deepening trade deficit with
China. Much more to come. This is
Bloomberg.
Some corporate news this morning as
well. Oracle reduced its workforce by
21,000 employees over the last 12
months. That's a bigger number than
previously known. A regulatory filing
reveals global headcount shrank to
141,000 full-time staff. And the company
says the adoption and deployment of AI
may continue to lead to job losses.
Oracle says the cuts led to about $1.8
billion in restructuring costs. Apollo
is once again limiting withdrawal
requests from its largest non-traded
private credit fund for retail
investors. Apollo Debt Solutions, which
has roughly $25 billion in assets,
capped withdrawals at 5% of outstanding
shares on Monday after investors asked
to redeem almost 17%. It's the latest
alternative asset manager to cap
investor withdrawals for the second
quarter running amid concerns of
exposure to software firms and AI. Heidi
April, let's take a look at how markets
are fairing at the moment and of course
it's sort of a funny day when it comes
to broadly in Asia. We are seeing some
momentum being lost uh particularly when
it comes to the AI and infrastructure
related trade in technology that rally
in tech shares faltering. Investors are
waiting for further developments when it
comes to US Iran talks there as well. A
couple of of the uh names in particular
that we're watching uh Jupal is one of
them. We're seeing downside of a very
unlucky 8.88% 88% in the wrong
direction. Uh the AI company's losses
widening as comparisons with Anthropic
uh continue to falter there, falling
flat, if you will. Uh there are some
concerns there in terms of its future
revenue model. We're also watching
Miniax Group, they're down by close to
7%. Some of the other sectors we're
watching uh are those diaper companies
on a regulators task force being formed.
Welcome back to the China show. Take a
look at the CSI 300. Just a half an hour
into the start of trading. We are seeing
a bit of downside. still muted compared
to what we're seeing in other corners of
the market overall as we continue to see
that meltdown when it comes to Korea.
>> Yeah, meltdown I think is the right word
to use or risk management is another
one. When you look at the Cosby that is
plumbing those session lows 4.2% down
the drag no surprises is coming from the
memory names SK Hinik Samsung
electronics and all this coming ahead of
Micron earnings that was a stock of
course in the US that did well
overnight. take a look at some of the
movers if we can on the Asia stocks that
dragging the MSCI Asia-Pacific clipboard
please. Uh we are also seeing some of
these other names that have been fairing
well amid the broadening of the AI trade
reversing including Hyundai Motor. Maybe
when it comes to robotics investors
having a bit of a second think
especially given what we're hearing from
regulators financial watchdogs in
pockets of the region they seem to be a
bit more concerned about leverage. Now
take a look at what we're seeing on the
FX front. dollar yen of course in focus
as it shifts perhaps a bit closer
inching towards the 162 level. It's
really about that yield gap in spite of
the confirmation from Katayyama about a
phone call with the Treasury Secretary
Scott Besson for more analysis. Bloomber
strategist David Savage joins us from
Hong Kong. So David, perhaps we
shouldn't be so surprised in the way the
Cosby has flipped, but talk to us about
what you're seeing and the concerns
here.
Yeah. Hi, Averro. I think I I think it's
it's it's really a question on the
market structure, right? I think there's
there's sort of two questions that
investors have to look at. One is the
sort of fundamental question of of the
broader AI trade, particularly here in
the region, but I think that's a
separate question from what we're seeing
today, which is about, you know, really
an increasingly more unstable market
structure. So, we saw regulators uh
yesterday in South Korea, you know,
express regret, concern about, you know,
the growth of of leverage ETFs. If we
look at just you know the largest stock
in South Korea SKHEX just four ETF
leveraged ETFs on just that stock alone
uh have assets you know over$22 billion
um you know and a lot of that growth has
come just in in in the last couple of
weeks. Um so you know what these
products can do is is really start to
amplify volatility and and occupy you
know a disproportionate amount of of the
trading volume. Uh and so what it does
is on days where as you said you have
sort of these risk management exercises
it can make it a lot more violent and
and a lot messier um and and so that's
really sort of a separate question from
the more broader you know fundamental
question but but it certainly can make
uh days like uh today uh a lot more
extreme than than perhaps necessary.
Yeah, and there's that's sort of adding
to the broader uncertainty across the
global picture, right? Whether you're
looking at the longevity of the peace
scenario and how that potentially
directs the Fed. We're hearing from
Austin Goulsby that his view of too high
inflation is that it's going the wrong
way. Does that change market
expectations in terms of what we're
pricing in for the rest of the year?
>> Well, I I think that's the big question,
right? is we you know certainly the Fed
came out last week and was a lot more
hawkish than the market expected
particularly uh you know the new Fed
chairman uh and and I think you know
part of that probably should have been
better expected in the sense that that
the the Fed is certainly reacting to the
level of inflation we're seeing today uh
and certainly I think we'll see later
this week PC continue to you know build
on on concerns that inflation today is
too high but looking forward uh you know
particularly if you look at the where
oil prices have gone you know, inflation
has is likely certainly a headline
inflation is likely to continue to to
move lower. Uh and so we see that
actually in in long-end bond yields,
right? We've seen the short end really
move higher uh in the US in reaction to
a more hawkish, you know, Fed. Uh but on
the long end, we really haven't seen uh
you know, bond yields move quite
dramatically. So we've seen that that
flattening of of the curve. Uh you know,
if that continues to persist, you know,
I think duration perhaps, you know,
looks more attractive. um particularly
if you were more concerned about equity
volatility um as long as we continue to
see oil trend lower um and and so then I
think at that point uh the Fed would be
looking at a different um perhaps a
different posture but for now uh they're
reacting to where inflation is today and
uh you are likely to continue to stay on
on that hawkish tilt.
What about for Asia central banks?
>> When it comes to
>> David, just one final question for you.
When it comes to what we're seeing on
Asia central banks and perhaps the
concerns of inflation from the likes of
the BOK, for example, I mean today in
the market performance, we're also
seeing against the backdrop of that tech
slide that the financials are pulling
ahead. Uh what are you, you know, seeing
in the markets on that uh lens?
Well, well, I think the interesting
thing on on Asia, I think there's
there's a separate problem where the
dollar is is showing a lot more
strength. So, so last week we saw a lot
of strength in in in the dollar. Uh, and
that puts, you know, upward pressure on
on uh, you know, import prices and
inflation here in Asia. Uh, so probably,
you know, and again, if you have a more
hawkish Fed, that piles even more
pressure on uh, Asian central banks to
also, um, you know, move more hawkish.
uh in South Korea. I think we were just
talking about the you know the problems
of leverage. I think it adds another you
know pressure point that you know how
far can you you push uh you know rates
higher if you're concerned about you
know financial conditions and and and
the leverage component. So uh I think
that's certainly something worth
watching. Um but you know I think again
the the the higher dollar is certainly a
pressure here in the in in Asia.
Bloomberg and life strategist David
Savage there. Coming up next on the
China show, we're back live at the WE
meeting in Dalian summer dares where the
Novo Nessus CEO will give us the outlook
when it comes to their China business
and the overall growth outlook. Much
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Let's get back to our coverage of the WE
meeting in Dalian. Our China
correspondent Mim Lo is there standing
by with our next guest. Mim.
>> Hey Heidi. Yes, I'm standing by here
with our guest from a biotech company.
Esther Bette uh from Novo Nisses. is a
company that produces bios solutions
things like functional protein uh
enzymes for many different sectors from
nutrition to agriculture to bofuuel. So
Esther thank you so much for joining us.
We are here in China so I thought we'll
start with that. You know we have seen
how China's consumption environment has
been pretty weak of late. Has that been
a challenge to your China business?
>> Thank you Ming and delighted to be here.
Thank you also for this beautiful
introduction of Novanesses. Uh to your
question on our presence in China. We
have been in China for more than 30
years. We are very pleased of the
contribution we have made uh to the
contribution to China and also to the
whole area of uh Pacific with uh our
presence here enabling in China
industrializ solutions for enhance
competitiveness to bring quality to
bring innovation from both from our
asset production but also R&D
capabilities and particularly the
uniqueness and the uh beauty of the
strong relationship with our customers.
Typically noonesses outgrows the markets
that we present and that's um also true
for China. Our solutions they enable
healthier nutrients, higher yield,
higher efficiencies also biouels and we
see a strong pull and demand from our
products and we're very pleased to the
legacy we have but for sure very excited
about the future ahead of us. I want to
ask about the competitive environment
here in China because the Chinese
government has been pushing for this
green transition and they are growing
their own crop of domestic biotech
companies. How big of a threat are they
to you?
>> We believe uh first on uh the power of
biosolutions as a building block and
enabler of a different way to produce.
We already part a strong enabler of the
economy and the solutions that you use
today. Our products directly or
indirectly they touch more than two
billion people around the world. We are
here on the detergents of the clothes
when you wash. You are here on the
yogurt that you eat. We are here
enabling bofuels. We are present on
every single day and every single
product that you consume. And uh we see
the competitive environment as only a
way showing the strength of biosolutions
and uh the power of uh whom we are as a
technology. We are the leading bios
solutions company. We feel very good on
uh on where we stand and we're going to
continue to invest in innovation in
scaleup capabilities to bring uh those
answers to our customers and to the
consumers around the world.
>> We have seen many Chinese biotech
companies as well right that are coming
up. Um how big is the technology gap
with a global global company like yours?
We we play uh locally also with the
universities the regional players and
it's that interlink of what makes also
our presence in China very very unique
and very powerful as a hub for
production not only for China for
Pacific for the globe that we the
investments that we're making here
they're not only giving a return for the
China market but uh exporting solutions
and innovation around
>> so you have uh given us a pretty
aggressive sort of capex spending 12 to
15%.
>> Can you tell us more about where you are
committing money to?
>> Around the globe. We produce locally for
local, but also we use global to supply
the world. And we have been making
investments here on our on our plants to
continue to enhance the capabilities to
produce more and continue to bring
solutions that help our customers to
enhance yields, efficiencies uh and uh
bring productivity um while also
enabling healthier nutrients and uh
higher yields. So of course your
business spans so many different sectors
from nutrition to agriculture, bofuel
and you've been coming up with a lot of
new innovations and patents. What is the
next big growth catalyst for your
company?
>> First we're present in more than 30
different industries and as I mentioned
we continuously outgrow the markets that
we present. We only 1 to 5% of the cost
of goods sold but yet a big enabler of
the value that our customers generate.
We enable uh low sugar added or no sugar
added at all. We enable replacing
surfactants in the turbulence. We enable
bofuels. We enable solutions that they
are not price substitutional or you
cannot replace with alternatives. We
still very pleased uh on where we are.
But then we see particularly in China
tremendous opportunities of new
categories that they're growing. plastic
recycling uh PT back into the building
blocks uh enable it biologically through
enzymes to bring that capability carbon
capture and bring a second life to those
CO2s into building blocks for the
future. We see tremendous momentum
around the globe on bofuels not only
from existing solutions but also from
biomass uh bringing higher yields and
high efficiencies and enabling to
decouple from fossil. So 2 billion uh p
people every day we're touching directly
or indirectly but this is just the very
beginning with many new alternatives
that they're coming in.
>> Speaking of bofuel of course I think in
some ways you benefited from the Iran
war the higher oil prices causing people
to switch to bofuels and I'm wondering
how big of a surge in demand have you
seen on that front and do you think that
would sort of drop off when things
stabilize in Iran? I would uh encourage
to look at the change that is happening
uh as and see the the recent events that
we have seen in our mus only as a
catalyzer
>> uh not an inflection point only as a
catalyzer of a change that was already
taking place. Bofuels are today 4% of
the total fuel consumption in the world.
Bio fuels consumption and they are
competitive. Bio ethanol is competitive
to gasoline. Biodiesel is competitive to
diesel and we're closing rapidly the gap
to ethanol to to jet uh alternatives.
The crisis in Normouth has only been a
catalyzer of a change that was already
happening where countries have seen the
value of decoupling from fossil not only
from a planet uh climate change
perspective but also from a geopolitical
stability and we see Brazil, India,
Indonesia, China doubling up of a
trajectory was already taking place but
now even further enhanced from a
national security and geopolitical
stability. Don't underestimate either
the impact on local jobs
>> by driving energy alternatives with
homegrown solutions that they also drive
jobs not uh across the value chain. So
the combination of all of them it makes
us very comfortable on where we stay.
competitiveness it's here it's happening
and the need is only going to increase
when we see also the growing energy
demand from AI data centers and the
growing population
>> and with the disruptions we have seen
with the street of Hammoos I know coal
chain logistics is really important for
your company how are you able to keep a
lid on transport costs
>> we we continue to keep a lid on all the
cost by one single driver value to our
customers. We bring solutions that
enable higher yield, high efficiencies,
productivity, healthier nutrients,
replacing fertilizers with bio with
biio-based solutions, bringing
alternatives for governments to decouple
from fossil. That's the best formula to
continue to cope with uh volatility and
with changes across the the value the
yeah the way that we produce.
>> All right. Thank you so much. Fantastic
conversation with you Esther Bajett the
CEO of Novo Nesses. April
>> m thank you. Of course we have more
coming up from Talian Johnsonree of HKX
joins the show in a few minutes for an
update on upcoming listings in Hong Kong
and the impact of Beijing's crackdown on
crossber trading. This is Bloomberg.
Take a look at some of the corporate
stories that we're following this hour.
And Oracle reduced its workforce by
21,000 employees over the last 12
months. A bigger number than previously
known. A regulatory filing reveals
global headcount shrank to 141,000
full-time staff. And the company says
the adoption and deployment of AI may
continue to lead to job losses. Oracle
says the cuts led to about $1.8 billion
in restructuring costs. Bloomberg has
learned that Qualcomm is in advanced
talks to acquire AI chip startup Modell
for about $4 billion. Modell has raised
$380 million in total capital, including
a $250 million funding round in
September 2025. We're told that a deal
could be announced in the coming weeks,
although a final agreement has not yet
been reached. Meta is investing $900
million in an Indian startup CRED and
tapping its founder Kal Sha as a new
leader of WhatsApp. This gives Meta a
roughly 20% stake in the firm. Craig
operates an app that rewards customers
for paying their credit card bills on
time. Sha has been tasked with building
out new revenue streams and integrating
AI agents into WhatsApp.
South Korea's top financial regulator
says he regrets not blocking the launch
of leverage exchange traded funds
tracking single stocks. Financial
Supervisory Service Governor Li Chanjin
has warned that the negative side
effects of these ETFs have grown
significantly. Korean regulatory
officials are weighing steps to
stabilize and limit the potential
fallout from sharp swings in the ETFs
tracking Samsung and SK Hinx.
Well, staying in that space, take a look
at the Hanx leverage fund which trades
in Hong Kong. and its assets under
management have eclipsed the oldest ETF
in Hong Kong which tracks the entire HSI
really showing that investors are paying
up massively in loss performance to get
their slice of Korea's memory boom
Averil even on a day where we're seeing
uh a pretty terrible day when it comes
to trading in that space on the Cosby.
>> Yeah, I suppose some of these products
are exacerbating the moves we're seeing
on the indices. Bloomber intelligence
meantime saying that products such as
the skinix 2x leverage ETF carry a
hidden structural drag that threatens to
erode investor returns. For more senior
ETF analyst Rebecca Sin joins us from
Hong Kong. So Rebecca you know these
ETPs are in the spotlight. Talk to us
about the significance of the CSOP's SK
Highix 2X ETP.
Well, this ETF has now surpassed uh the
Trackr Fund, which is the first ETF in
Hong Kong. So, it's now the largest ETF
uh ETP across the Hong Kong market. So,
one, it's significant because it's now
number one by assets under management.
Number two, it's the third largest
leverage and inverse ETP globally. And
so, this is a huge moment momentous
moment for Hong Kong because it's rare
that in Hong a Hong Kong product makes a
g global uh landscape. The third is it's
also the largest single leverage fund
globally and so there's a lot of
momentum and a lot of hype and everyone
is looking into this ETF not only for
its performance it's returned almost
900% year to date but it's also one of
the largest product across the globe now
>> so why is the need for caution though
>> well people need to be cautious because
especially on leverage and inverse ETFs
a lot of the fund rebalances on a daily
basis And what this means is that if you
look across the tracking error, so this
is the theoretical return of the fund
versus the underlying index you or under
underlying fund in this case SKH highex,
you can see a gap. And so we calculated
that year to date there's more than a
200% tracking difference between the
theoretical value of where the fund
should be versus the underlying SKH
highex. And so a lot of this is due to
one the rebalancing. It re resets on a
daily basis. But because the demand on
this stock has been so high, a lot of
investors are now paying a premium for
this. This E ETP tracks uh SK highex two
times utilizing swaps and the C the ETF
issuer CSOP gets these swap via banks
and the banks are having difficulties
now finding protection on this because
this fund has become so big so quickly
and so because of that they're having to
pay a premium on the protection on this
and a lot of this cost is then embedded
back into the fund. And so if we look
across the tracking error between where
the fund should be and the theoretical
value, we're seeing a huge gap. On some
days, investors are paying more than 1%
just to get access to this fund. And so
over time, if you look at year-to- date
to now, there's a huge compounding
effect on it. And so based on our
calculations, we found that year-to-
date until most recently, the gap is
more than 200%. So for investors, they
really need to look at the total cost of
ownership beyond the performance. A lot
of investors are always talking about
this fund, especially in Hong Kong,
because the performance has been so
good. But you really need to look at
total cost of ownership, which includes
the management fee, the tracking error,
the bid ass spread. In Korea, some of
these ETFs were trading at premium and
discount to the fair value. And even in
Hong Kong on days where it's very
volatile or where there's huge demand,
you often say see this ETF trading at a
premium. So investors should be cautious
because yes the performance has been
very good but you are paying a premium
for to get access into this product
>> given these concerns and then some
rumblings as well from financial watchd
dogs regulators on leverage. What does
the future of this product look like?
>> Well I think investors do need to be
cautious on this because as you
mentioned earlier uh in Korea the
regulators said they regretted launching
this product. So a few weeks ago in
Korea, more than eight ETF issuers
launched the exact same product tracking
SKH Highix and Samsung electronics and
there's been huge demands demands that
resulted in investors losing money
because the ETF trade at a premium and
discount as high as 40 50%. And so one I
think with if we look at SKH
specifically there's potential of dual
listing in the US in August and so this
will ultimately impact the liquidity and
should improve the liquidity for
investors because now you can trade it
globally. A lot of investors in the US
are buying this product during Asian
hours because they want access into it.
But also in the US, there's now been a
lot of products that track this uh SKHEX
and Samsung electronics. So one, the
dual listing into the US should improve
some of the liquidity. Two, I think we
need to be looking into Korea because
the regulators have come out and said,
you know, they regret launching this
product. We could see some new
regulations around this product
potentially um halting of creation or
potentially limiting the flows. Uh and
so it'll be interesting to see what
happens. But I think investors need to
remember that yes, the performance has
been very good, but when you look at any
product, you need to really do your due
diligence and look under the hood and
look at the total cost of ownership,
including the management fee, tracking
error, and the performance.
Bloomberg Intelligence, senior ETF
analyst Rebecca Sin there. Uh let's get
back to markets. this of course as a lot
of the focus really remains when it
comes to what's going on uh with these
Korean markets with those losses just
really accelerating into the session but
at the moment in terms of what we're
watching in greater China uh something
of a bifocation we are seeing China
brokerages up by just about a tenth of
1% there at the moment uh and we are
seeing some of these other names though
Hunan securities outperforming as well
as Changang uh securities up by 10% in
the session
Uh we're also switching out to uh take a
look at what we're watching when it
comes to uh banks in the Philippines at
the moment. Uh
with this announcement from the BSP
providing some relief to financial
institutions to bank to help cushion the
impact of the Iran war. The Philippine
Central Bank saying uh the measure will
take effect through that April to
December period. So taking off really
some of the uh pressure that we've seen
the broader Philippine stock index is
rising about 1%. This was we continue to
kind of see that broader relief being
delivered uh particularly when it comes
to oil markets of course with the
reopening of the straight of moves.
These ongoing talks uh at the moment
really creating some opportunities for
Iranian oil in particular. More broadly
around the region, we're seeing that
weakness off the session lows, but still
the Cosby continue to be down by over 4%
at this point. A few losses when you're
taking a look at the Japanese markets.
This is Bloomberg.
It is 11:28 uh 29 a.m. I should say in
Tokyo where Japanese markets are headed
out to the break in just a minute and uh
this is the picture as we leave that
morning session. Of course, so much of
it is about the yen at the moment. But
when it comes to equities really edging
lower, we see the AI related stocks
seeing some softness. Soft Bank uh is
one of them falling after the selloff in
tech mega caps in the US session. Soft
Bank in particular though uh the
Japanese telecom unit also preparing to
make its way into the US neo cloud
market as well. So just another
indication of mass's more global AI
ambitions taking place there. Uh Soft
Bank actually contributing though in the
morning session the most of the topics
is decline. We saw at one point a
decline of about 7%. As I mentioned, yen
intervention is another thing that's
really continuing to stay top of mind
there. That risk remaining high. The yen
is hovering still around that 40-year
low against the dollar. So high alert.
We've seen further and further weakness
in the yen. There was a call between the
Japanese finance minister Karyama and US
Treasury Secretary Bessent there as well
to discuss this. But at that level
161ish 161 highs against the dollar near
the weakest level in four decades. It
continued to see that downward pressure
on concerns that the Bank of Japan may
not be in enough of an urgency to hike
borrowing costs really that it won't
happen fast enough to be able to control
these inflationary factors. We've heard
from Japanese authorities saying that
they wanted to send a message through
the talks with the US that they're
acting in coordination that the hurdle
for intervention is potentially not high
according to one trader at Sumatmo
Mutsui Trust Averil.
>> Yep. And this is a day where we're
seeing the rest of the region also I
guess mulling what's next on the memory
trade. You look at the region's
benchmark. The drag is from the chip
makers. There's a bit of reconsideration
for the popular AI trades including on
robotics but really aside from it
looking a bit flat on health care
utilities you're seeing most of the
region coming under pressure perhaps
those concerns about inflation higher
rates borrowing costs as well now with
that in mind let's get back to our
coverage of the west meeting in China
our chief North Asia correspondent
Steven Engel is in Talian and standing
by with our next guest
Hey, thanks so much Averil. Yes, day one
of the annual meeting of new champions,
the summer Davos here in Dalian this
year. Our next guest is Johnson Choy,
Hong Kong Exchange, head of global
issuer services. Thanks so much. It's
been a good year so far. I mean, Bonnie
Chan, the CEO, has talked a lot about
the big pipeline. Obviously, big AI
companies have been coming in, biotech,
and the like. I think Bloomberg
Intelligence says uh you guys are on
target for a six-year high topping 43
billion US in listing proceeds for 2026.
Uh is that kind of in line with what
your projections are and how do you keep
this going the rest of the year?
>> Yeah, thank you Stephen and good
morning. Thanks again for having having
us here. Um yeah, no, so we we've
continu uh uh experienced very strong
momentum this year in the IPO and also
the following market. So we're basically
heading into the last week of June
wrapping up the first half. Year to
date, we've had about 22 billion US
dollars of IPO proceeds raised and close
to about 38 billion of follow on
capital. And what's interesting is we're
here at some of Davos, you know,
innovators, tech. Uh the biggest uh
sector of IPO issuance is on the tech
side. Um over 50% of our tech issuance
this year uh has been in the TMT sector
and we've really seen a broadening and
deepening of the tech and particularly
in the hardware space. So from AI
infrastructure to platform to
applications. Um but the second point
what's also encouraging about Hong Kong
market is the diversification the
diversity of sectors. So in addition to
tech and TMT we've also uh experienced
strong issuance from the healthcare
sector industrials new energy metals and
mining and also the uh consumer retail
space as well. How about what is the
need and the importance as we've seen
the uh FSDC and others basically say uh
the listing pipeline needs to be
broadened beyond just those key
technology or innovators from China in
the IPO. They need to go beyond. Can you
give us an update on how you're
broadening beyond just relying on the
mainland listings?
>> Yeah, it's really so I I would answer
this in from two perspectives. one is
from China going out and so what we're
really seeing is a lot of Chinese
companies are becoming more and more
international uh in fact some Chinese
companies are born global but on the
reverse uh you know we've been spending
a lot of time and effort um I was
actually in central Asia uh last month
uh really encouraging uh and also
sharing the value proposition of Hong
Kong um for international companies to
to to list here so last year we had
seven international issuers from
Southeast Asia, Africa, the US, Central
Asia across all sectors, you know, TMT,
healthcare, metals and mining, etc.
Looking forward, we have um over 10 uh
international companies uh that have
publicly filed uh to list. Um so uh this
week potentially, the Indonesian gold
company June 26. And that's interesting
because they're going to be an HDR as
well, which is uh with Hong Kong
depository receipts, which hasn't been
employed in about 12 years. What's that
tell you about um how those you're
attracting are looking at Hong Kong to
list?
>> Yeah, it it's really the flexibility uh
of the listing framework and and
different structures in Hong Kong. So,
private companies could obviously come
to list in Hong Kong as a sole listing.
Uh but we're also seeing the reemergence
uh of dual listings as well. So some
companies um no list it on the home
markets but also thinking of different
structures to list uh in Hong Kong uh
for a dual listing to tap our liquidity
and also the international investor
base. How have you been directly
impacted by the regulatory crackdown
over the last couple of weeks? If we
come back to the uh mainland listings
and the amount of money that uh the
Chinese authorities are cracking down on
crossber flows, uh cracking down on
several illicit um facilitators of
crossboard border flows of of
brokerages. How has that dented uh the
the May and June numbers do you think?
Yeah. So obviously uh through through
the news pieces uh the the Chinese
mainland authorities have reiterated the
legal and permissible channels for HKX.
We have our stock connect franchise
which has been in place for over 10
years. Uh and it's the legal and
legitimate means for Chinese mainland
investors to invest into our market. Uh
and you know we continue to see very
strong and fluid uh flow both ways you
know southbound and and northbound. our
southbound flows in terms of our daily
turnover, our ADT is a touch over 20% of
our daily volume. But
>> it was a record in 2025. Are you going
to get a record again this year, do you
think, by the numbers so far halfway
through the year?
>> Well, I mean, we're not that good at
predicting the markets, but what I would
say is um you know, we we obviously
benefit from um a lot of Chinese
investor flow into our market, but Hong
Kong Hong Kong is an international
financial center. Um so we we we pride
ourselves on having a market with a very
broad and diverse investor base. So we
still continue to have very strong
international investor participation.
You know just a stat to share um in
terms of our IPOs this year uh over 70%
of the IPOs have had international
investor participation in a form of a
cornerstone investor. So it really shows
the breadth of investors you know
whether it's from North America, Europe,
sovereign world funds, Middle East etc.
Well, we we do know that there's been a
lot more mainland funds coming
southbound to get into IPOs. I mean,
there's a number of different ways money
has flowed across the border uh legally
and sometimes illegally into whether
Hong Kong property into uh wealth
management products and uh insurance
products, but also the IPOs. We're also
hearing that Paul Chan, the financial
secretary who's also here in China now,
should be around here somewhere
wandering the halls that he told local
state media here that Hong Kong
regulators are weighing options and
talking to mainland authorities about
expanding the quotas on the southbound
connect as well as discussing what has
been long discussed about an IPO
connect, allowing retail investors in
China to invest directly into IPOs. I'm
kind of getting a smirk on your face
like you can't talk about, but what do
you know? um how far away we are from
this.
>> Yeah, you know, unfortunately it's not
something that uh I can comment on, but
I'll actually sort of take a step back.
Our connect franchise uh it's been in
place for 12 years. Uh and we really
started off with purely stock. We called
it stock connect. Nowadays, we call it
connect franchise because over the
course of the past 12 years, we've had
stock, bonds, ETFs, um swaps, etc., uh
all included into the connect franchise.
and and you know the the way that we
think about our connect franchise is
really to over time increasingly offer
up more investment products and
opportunities for Chinese in uh Chinese
mainland investors to invest into our
market but also likewise you know to to
um allow international investors through
Hong Kong through the connect franchise
to get access to you know amazing
companies uh listed on exchanges in the
Chinese mainland. How important? Let's
just take a step back and maybe
hypothetically. How important I mean
it's something Hong Kong would want uh
to get the pool of retail investors to
be able to invest directly in uh to Hong
Kong IPOs. How important would that be
as far as boosting more liquidity here
in Hong Kong?
>> Yeah. Yeah. I think the vibrancy of the
market you you the the healthiness and
vibrancy of the market is really to have
a broad-based set of investors. So,
Chinese investors know both
institutional and retail. Uh but but
also a vibrant uh in institutional and
international investor base. Um so our
our objective as a collective is really
to welcome capital from the Chinese
mainland across all investor uh segments
and also international investors to
continue to to be more active in our
market. Are you hearing at all any
chatter of where we are on the process
of expanding uh the pre-revenue listing
uh companies that can list confidential
confidentially uh if because of their
proprietary you know R&D and the like
beyond just biotech and healthcare?
>> Yeah, absolutely. Um so it's something
that uh we've been spending a lot of
focus on. So last year last May we
introduced a tech channel as you
mentioned introduced um specialist
technology and biotech companies. Uh we
just recently concluded our consultation
um really asking the market for feedback
to further broaden uh the the the base
uh of issuers
>> to almost all companies potentially
>> potentially based on the consultation.
Yeah. And um because I think the key
objective for us is to allow issuers to
have more flexibility. Uh because every
company when they go public uh list on
the Hong Kong market, every company has
its own specific needs and objectives.
And what we um what we want to do more
is from our listing framework and rules
and we can make enhancements is to allow
issuers for more flexibility but whilst
upholding the highest standards and
quality. Very quickly, I mentioned about
uh Paul Chan also in his budget address,
he talked about aerospace companies.
What's being done to facilitate that at
a time when Hong Kong investors couldn't
even invest in SpaceX? Well, for
aerospace, um I think this really falls
into this chapter 18c specialist
technology chapter that we introduced 3
years ago and um it's it's quite broad
uh and it it encapsulates you know
robotics, AI, hardware tech, green tech
and obviously in the future if there are
aerospace type companies um that are you
know in an early revenue phase they
could also list by way of the chapter 18
C channel.
>> Johnson thanks Joyce thanks so much for
your time. I have many more questions
for you. Please come back or you and
Bonnie Chan to talk about the Hong Kong
exchange uh big times at the HKEX.
Sending it back to you from Dalian guys.
>> A very David Angel there at Sad Davos.
In the meantime, markets continue to see
some pretty wild trading action
particularly when it comes to Korean
stocks. the queer exchange uh in the
last few minutes activating the Sadcom
mechanism to halt the CODAC program
selling uh as we see the activation of
that mechanism. Uh it's a temporary
trading mechanism of course from the KRX
to curb what it sees as severe market
volatility uh it gives 5 minutes to
allow that market to stabilize. So we
have seen that activation of the sidecar
mechanism for CODAC program on the
selling side. So this as we continue to
see that souring of risk sentiment, the
costby continuing to decline, extending
those losses, we're still over 4% softer
there. Uh as we continue to kind of see
the question over the durability of the
tech and AI related trade as we saw uh
some of that action overnight there as
well. Cosby options traders in
particular are applying more value to uh
put options on the Cosby index than
calls. So it does look in a lot of ways
like the early stages of kind of a
rebalancing strategy. we could see that
further drive Korean stocks lower as we
head into the end of the second quarter
there. One of the catalysts that we're
potentially watching is uh South Korea's
top financial regulator expressing that
regret for not blocking the launch of
the leverage ETFs tracking single stocks
like Hinx for example. Uh something that
has sort of potentially created further
possibility for volatility downside
momentum. We are seeing that daily close
and the cost be below 8,800 looking like
it could be a potential uh sort of
tipping point for what we've seen as a
recent run of bull moves overall.
Yeah, these declines today are coming
after a stellar rally in memory in South
Korean stocks in general as well. Now
coming up after the break, here's a look
at these guests that are coming up on
Insight as well. More from the World
Economic Forum Sama Davos or the annual
meeting of the new champions in Talian
as we speak to SBP group CEO Eric for
his company's growth outlook. Zeroda
co-founder Nikl Kaf tells us what he
makes of the Indian market amid the
geopolitical turmoil and El Nino impact.
This is Bloomberg.
Chinese e-commerce giant JD.com says the
Chinese economy is diverging with
external demand strong while internal
activity remaining soft. The company's
chief economist, Jing Guang, also told
us that the trade truce with the US is
allowing both healthy cooperation and
competition between the two superpowers.
I think now this year the relationship
has been improving have been improving
and you see the you know the both party
has honored the the deal and the China
Chinese export to the US has actually
surged uh increase a lot you know that's
actually all good signals but I think
the relationship is very clear you know
just as some US uh government officials
said before you know the area we we
where where we can you know cooperate we
cooperate where we we can compete we
compete right so where we can you know
you know the fight we fight so so it's
very clear the definition certain areas
both parties can cooperate especially
this year the commercial relationship
it's been improving yeah and the China
has imported also quite a lot of soy
beans
>> right so the the Chinese exports other
goods I think the Chinese ambassador in
the US just said that you know the the
deal with the $30 billion US to to
reduce the tariffs to increase the
export imports. Now extra can expand.
Yeah. Not only $30 billion US can be
much higher. So so all to me is it's
quite clear you know this relationship
has been improving but of course you
know the certain areas there are still
area for competition. So that's a it's a
it's a it's not that we have to look at
the Chinese uh Sino US relationship into
big context
>> certain area you know.
>> Yes.
>> And China is now just coming back from
the dragon boat festival holiday. We did
see the travel data remaining flat from
the previous year. Uh last month last uh
week we had the economic data showing
retail sales contracting as well.
>> Do you see this trajectory continuing
the weakness in the consumption? I think
that there's a huge divergence in the
Chinese economy and I I put into three
different divergences. First is you know
external demand versus domestic demand
right external demand pretty strong and
the Chinese exports you can see Chinese
exports are growing like like around
10%. And we also see Chinese foreign
reserves has been increasing right to to
around uh close to to3.5 trillion US
dollar. So the current account surplus
have been also rising. So that that's
actually one part of you know of
external environment but the internal
demand have been retail sales for
example investment from this May data
actually we already see quite a
softening in April later already right
but of course you know first quarter is
pretty strong right then some people say
oh this will continue but at that time I
already say you know that will be you
know quite a oneoff right maybe second
quarter we will see slowdown so the
because I I can see domestic demand has
been still yet to recover right that
that's so that's the first divergence
second divergence I think is the new
industry versus old industry old
industry new industry like you know
high-tech right we can see chip industry
a lot of is new energy industry EV cars
for example are doing very well but the
old industry we we can see you know
quite clearly like real estate right
still I mean been investment sales are
still been declining so that's the
second direction and I I think the third
uh also is uh is related to actually you
know to
mostly to investment you know this uh
versus uh consumption you know uh
certain part of investment like a
government infrastructure had been uh I
think improving
>> jd.com chief economist Yang Guang Sha
speaking to Bloomberg's Mimo at the W in
Dalian. Now to some other major stories
we're following as well. ECB President
Christine Lagard says she does not see
the need to react more forcefully to the
Iran war as inflation is set to return
to target over the medium-term. She told
EU lawmakers that the central bank must
remain agile and can adjust its response
as the shock evolves.
Too large to look through without
jeopardizing our target.
But we see no evidence yet of
deanchoring of inflation expectations or
second round effects that would warrant
a more forceful policy response at this
stage.
>> Lagard also said that Beijing should be
part of any talks on currency
valuations. The statement came in
response to comments from German
Chancellor Frederick Mertz, who's called
for international talks about exchange
rates as part of the EU's resolve to
address his deepening trade deficit with
China.
And former Fed chair Alan Greenspan has
died at the age of 100 due to
complications from Parkinson's disease.
Greenspan led the US central bank for 18
years from 1987 to 2006 and was known
for guiding a record US economic
expansion. But he was also criticized
for his hands-off approach to markets
and bubbles which some critics say
contributed to the 2008 financial
crisis, the worst economic meltdown
since the Great Depression.
Let's take a look at markets and what's
happening across the region as well. Of
course, one to watch is Indonesia as
we're seeing both the rupia and the
stock benchmark at the lowest levels in
just over a week. Of course, this time
tomorrow, we'll find out whether MSCI
allows Indonesia to retain its emerging
market status or downgrades it to
Frontier. There have been some
improvements made by the Indonesians,
but last week we also heard how they're
downgrading to negative the rating on
information flow. So that's one market
to watch. Aside from that, take a look
at Chinese pharmaceutical stocks. We're
seeing them rally in Hong Kong against
the backdrop of a manufacturing pledge.
So this basically allows overseas
marketing authorization holders to
conduct crossber manufacturing for
biologics, for chemical drugs. That is a
rally that is going really hard today on
a day where tech is really sliding. Take
a look at the benchmark heavyweights for
the Hong Singh 10 baba Xiaomi mtoan all
declining upwards of 2% on a day where I
think the rest of the region is also
looking a little red. Heidi
>> yeah a little red uh more red when it
comes to Korea certainly. But let's take
a look at uh how ch China markets are
fairing at the moment because of course
there is the woes of the ongoing
economic weakness particularly when it
comes to the Chinese consumer the
ongoing weakness in real estate and
really not a whole lot of signs that
we're going to see government's fiscal
monetary policy to do too much that's
dramatic about it. At the same time,
there's still quite a bit of
conversation about the AI and tech
related opportunities in China and
whether we continue to see that
divergence uh and really the
exacerbation of that K-shaped economy as
well, right? Given the slowdown that we
see in uh the affforementioned sectors,
but uh the progress that we're
continuing to watch in tech. Uh some of
the other markets that we are watching
across the region, of course, career is
really front and center with the
continued downside pressure and the
selling there. uh the Cosby as well as
the CDAC both suffering or both been uh
seeing that sidec car mechanism uh the
circuit breaker to take a little bit of
a breather in the last few minutes or
so. So we'll continue to watch that as
that downside momentum the sort of
questions over the durability of the AI
rally continues to play out uh
particularly when it comes to options
traders uh more options on the cost per
index being put forward by equity
traders than calls at this point. But
that's it for the China show. Insight is
next. This is Bloomberg.